This video I'll give you a basic explanation of the different licensing editions that are available
with Vee's for and I'm just on the via my web site to take a look at the different licensing editions
available here.
So let's scroll down a little bit.
And by the way if you want to find this web site just go to Google and type in Vee's for licensing editions
and you'll find this.
And here we have the different licensing editions.
We've got Wiis first standard and vse for enterprise Plus are the two that I really want to focus on.
So with these first standard and Vee's for enterprise Plus there are different features supported with
each of these additions like for example both additions support storage Wii motion these very data protection.
Here's a good example of a difference.
This first standard only supports fault lines for virtual machines with two virtual C-p use whereas
enterprise plus supports virtual machines with four virtual use.
And so there's a number of these little differences here virtual machine encryption is not supported
by vse for standard.
And a lot of these resource control type tools like Diyar ass storage depress storage IO control network
IO control these things are not supported by the VSE standard licensing edition.
So you need to be aware of some of the basic features that are not supported by Standard and some of
the critical ones are distributed switches host profiles and the two or three that I just mentioned
up here Diyar ass and storage DRM storage are cultural and network IO control.
Those are some really important ones to understand are not supported by vse for standard.
And if we keep on scrolling down there's a couple of other licensing additions as well.
We've got the.
And there's also some other features like if you want to see the business continuity features of each
licensing edition we can see those in availability.
We've also got these for essentials.
Licensing model so essentials supports a maximum of three ESX I hosts essentially Plus again a maximum
of three ESX I host with two processors each essential Plus does come with a number of features though
provided by the center like the motion high availability for data protection endpoint and these for
replication.
So those are different licensing options.
And if you scroll a little further down it starts to break down the cost per processor of each.
And there's also of course going to be no pricing required for maintenance as well.
So always bear that in mind as well in real life if you're purchasing these for licensing you're probably
going to have to purchase a support contract as well.